Don't buy it
know
Let's go
Hey, what's the situation?
They just left.
Are they really not for sale?
Come on.
My house has been hung up for two years and no one has bought it
I finally met a bad guy
Oops, I wouldn't have raised the price if I knew it earlier.
In fact, the price they gave is not low
Everybody, listen to me.
Li Yi can buy your house here
There's got to be something going on.
Don't worry.
He will definitely buy it.
Is that so?
Brother, I don't buy the house here.
Looks like I'm still too high for them to give them 800 and 1,000
I will continue to reduce the price.
The price is going to double now.
Do you still want to continue to reduce the price?
You'll see.
Wife
Peel an apple for you to eat?
The doctor said that eating more fruits is good for your health
Xiaoqin
You don't have to come to see me every day
You go about your own business
The sky is big and the earth is big, my wife is the biggest
When you are well
I'll take you around the world
Okay, okay, brother and sister-in-law
Good News
A homeowner privately asked us to sell the house